Frontend/frontend.md, before:

### Setting up frontend

- Installing vite,react.
- installing react-router, hot-pot notification.
- Setting up react router.

### React router dom.

- we will setup BrowserRouter on main.jsx so, We can now use Router in our entire website.

```


import { StrictMode } from "react";
import { createRoot } from "react-dom/client";

import { BrowserRouter } from "react-router";

createRoot(document.getElementById("root")).render(
  <StrictMode>
    <BrowserRouter>
      <App />
    </BrowserRouter>
  </StrictMode>
);



```

- then setup routers on app.jsx

```

import React from "react";
import { Route, Routes } from "react-router";
import HomePage from "./Pages/HomePage";
import CreatePage from "./Pages/CreatePage";
import NoteDetailPage from "./Pages/NoteDetailPage";

const App = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <Routes>
        <Route path="/" element={<HomePage />} />
        <Route path="/create" element={<CreatePage />} />
        <Route path="/note/:id" element={<NoteDetailPage />} />
      </Routes>
    </div>
  );
};

export default App;


```

### setting up Hottoast

importing on main.jsx

```
import { StrictMode } from "react";
import { createRoot } from "react-dom/client";

import { BrowserRouter } from "react-router";
import {Toaster} from 'react-hot-toast'

createRoot(document.getElementById("root")).render(
  <StrictMode>
    <BrowserRouter>
      <App />
      <Toaster /> // toast from react-hot-toast
    </BrowserRouter>
  </StrictMode>
);

```

using on app.jsx

```
import toast, { Toaster } from "react-hot-toast";

const App = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <button onClick={()=>toast.error("congrats")} >Click me</button> // using on app.jsx file
    </div>
  )
}
toast.success("congrats")
toast.error("congrats")
diffrent message for diffrent cases.
```

- Installing tailwind.
- Installing daisy ui.
- npm i -D daisyui@4.12.24
- under tailwind config

    ```
      import daisyui from 'daisyui';
      /** @type {import('tailwindcss').Config} */
      export default {
        content: [
          "./index.html",
          "./src/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}",
        ],
        theme: {
          extend: {},
        },
        plugins: [daisyui],
      }
    ```

### getting daisyui themes


    ```
    import daisyui from 'daisyui';
      /** @type {import('tailwindcss').Config} */
      export default {
        content: [
          "./index.html",
          "./src/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}",
        ],
        theme: {
          extend: {},
        },
        plugins: [daisyui],
        daisyui:{
          themes:["light","dark","forest"]
        }
      }
    ```

Commit message:

installed icon lib and axios

Frontend/frontend.md, after:

### Setting up frontend

- Installing vite,react.
- installing react-router, hot-pot notification.
- Setting up react router.

### React router dom.

- we will setup BrowserRouter on main.jsx so, We can now use Router in our entire website.

```


import { StrictMode } from "react";
import { createRoot } from "react-dom/client";

import { BrowserRouter } from "react-router";

createRoot(document.getElementById("root")).render(
  <StrictMode>
    <BrowserRouter>
      <App />
    </BrowserRouter>
  </StrictMode>
);



```

- then setup routers on app.jsx

```

import React from "react";
import { Route, Routes } from "react-router";
import HomePage from "./Pages/HomePage";
import CreatePage from "./Pages/CreatePage";
import NoteDetailPage from "./Pages/NoteDetailPage";

const App = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <Routes>
        <Route path="/" element={<HomePage />} />
        <Route path="/create" element={<CreatePage />} />
        <Route path="/note/:id" element={<NoteDetailPage />} />
      </Routes>
    </div>
  );
};

export default App;


```

### setting up Hottoast

importing on main.jsx

```
import { StrictMode } from "react";
import { createRoot } from "react-dom/client";

import { BrowserRouter } from "react-router";
import {Toaster} from 'react-hot-toast'

createRoot(document.getElementById("root")).render(
  <StrictMode>
    <BrowserRouter>
      <App />
      <Toaster /> // toast from react-hot-toast
    </BrowserRouter>
  </StrictMode>
);

```

using on app.jsx

```
import toast, { Toaster } from "react-hot-toast";

const App = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <button onClick={()=>toast.error("congrats")} >Click me</button> // using on app.jsx file
    </div>
  )
}
toast.success("congrats")
toast.error("congrats")
diffrent message for diffrent cases.
```

- Installing tailwind.
- Installing daisy ui.
- npm i -D daisyui@4.12.24
- under tailwind config

    ```
      import daisyui from 'daisyui';
      /** @type {import('tailwindcss').Config} */
      export default {
        content: [
          "./index.html",
          "./src/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}",
        ],
        theme: {
          extend: {},
        },
        plugins: [daisyui],
      }
    ```

### getting daisyui themes


    ```
    import daisyui from 'daisyui';
      /** @type {import('tailwindcss').Config} */
      export default {
        content: [
          "./index.html",
          "./src/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}",
        ],
        theme: {
          extend: {},
        },
        plugins: [daisyui],
        daisyui:{
          themes:["light","dark","forest"]
        }
      }

to use theme we can simply write 
```
```
return (
  <div data-theme = "forest" > // to use forest theme
  </div>
)
```


### Installing  lucide-react for icons.

```
to install - 

 npm i lucide-react
```

### installing axios for api calling.
